In the last modules, we learned so much about components. Time to bring it all together and build something
great with it,
a nice little application.
This is what we're going to build, a quotes application,
you see I really like quotes. Now in this application,
we start with a quote and then we can add a new quote like that,
so once we add it, you see we get 2 of 10 and the quote is added.
Now if I add a couple of other quotes here until we reach 10 quotes there, you will quickly see that once
I try to add the 11th one, I get an error that I should first delete some quotes so that we're not getting
too crowded here.
Well I can delete quotes by simply clicking on them and then you see it updates up there and I can
start adding new ones again.
So whilst we only have one page here, we're already using a lot of features here
with that tracking of our state, the possibility to add and delete quotes and dynamically adding them
to our dom here.
Well with that, I'd say let's dive in and build this project together.
Of course if you want, feel free to try out to achieve the same without watching me give you the solution
first,
you learned all the things you need here but of course also feel free to join me on the solution
and then stop at some point, continue on your own,
whatever works for you. You'll find the set up for this project attached to this lecture.